//Create 10 BDD test cases for checkout (no need to automate these, just add them to a text file inside the project)

1. Verify the user can access the homepage
Given I am on the homepage
When I visit the homepage
Then I should see the URL includes "teststoreforsouthafri.nextbasket.shop"

2. Verify the user email is displayed
Given I am on the homepage
When I visit the homepage
Then I should see my email "iris.dizon@nextbasket.com" displayed in the header

3. Accept cookies
Given I am on the homepage
When the cookie banner is displayed
Then I accept the cookies

4. Add a product to the basket
Given I am on the homepage
When I select the first non-promo product
And I add it to the basket
Then I should see a confirmation message that the product has been added to the basket

5. Verify product details in the basket
Given I have added a product to the basket
When I go to the basket
Then I should see the product name and price in the basket

6. Proceed to checkout
Given I am in the basket
When I click on "Proceed to Checkout"
Then I should be taken to the checkout page

7. Checkout as a guest
Given I am on the checkout page
When I enter my email to continue as a guest
Then I should be able to proceed to enter my personal details

8. Fill in personal details and delivery address
Given I am on the checkout page
When I enter my personal details and delivery address
Then I should see the delivery address details are correctly filled

9. Confirm the order
Given I have filled in all required details
When I click on "Confirm order"
Then I should see the confirmation page with the message "Thank you!"

10. Verify order confirmation details
Given I am on the order confirmation page
When my order is placed successfully
Then I should see a confirmation message and an email confirmation with the order details

//Describe at least two bugs (BDD Steps, add them to a text file inside the project)

Bug 1: Missing "Continue as Guest" Button
Scenario: "Continue as Guest" button is not displayed on the checkout page
Given I am on the checkout page
When I enter my email address
Then I should see a "Continue as Guest" button
But the "Continue as Guest" button is not displayed

Steps to Reproduce:

Add a product to the basket.
Proceed to checkout.
Enter an email address in the "Guest" section.
Observe the absence of the "Continue as Guest" button.
Impact: Users are unable to proceed with the checkout process as guests, leading to potential cart abandonment.

Bug 2: Incorrect Product Price Displayed in Basket
Scenario: Product price displayed in the basket does not match the product price on the product page
Given I have added a product to the basket
When I view the product price on the product page
And I view the product price in the basket
Then the prices should match
But the prices do not match

Steps to Reproduce:

Add a product to the basket from the product page.
Note the product price on the product page.
Go to the basket and check the product price.
Impact: Incorrect pricing information can lead to customer dissatisfaction and potential revenue loss if customers abandon their carts due to pricing inconsistencies.